what would a world without cats look
like what happens if you swallow gum
it's the random questions like these
that keep me up at night maybe you two
so today I'm here to answer them and if
I miss any of your most burning
questions in today's video then ask away
down in the comments I'll be sure to
cover them the next time for now let's
start with number one what happens if
you drink too much water turns out water
intoxication is a real thing and it's
very serious
your kidneys can only process 27 to 33
ounces of water an hour if someone
drinks more than that then it can cause
swelling in their entire body including
the brain classic example of too much of
a good thing can be bad number two what
happens when you swallow gum I bet your
mom told you not to do it because that
gum would stand your stomach for seven
years but that's not actually true it's
only five no not really
most gum today is made from natural or
synthetic polymers most commonly boodle
rubber sure your saliva enzymes and
stomach acid can't break it down but the
muscles of your digestive tract and move
it along
and eventually gum exits your system in
a day or two in the normal way and if he
can blow bubbles doing you know that
well hey we'd like to hear about it okay
and moving on number three what can
happen if you step on a rusty nail
well you'd most likely scream at the top
of your lungs because of the sharp
intense pain but what would happen next
you've probably heard by now that
getting injured by any rusty object can
lead to tetanus tetanus is caused by
bacteria known as bebeto ah you were
paying attention no really
it's known as Clostridium tetiny which
is commonly found in soil dust and
animal feces all ideal places for rusty
objects to be found may be - the animal
poo but who knows anyway when this
bacteria enters your body through the
wound
it releases a powerful toxin that
affects your nervous system and leads to
stiff muscles difficulty swallowing and
spasms but don't worry a tetanus shot
kills the bacteria in no time number
four what if gravity something got
turned off things that aren't attached
to the earth in any way would fly off
into space yes including people and
animals trees and most buildings would
stay put because they're rooted in the
ground so you could probably hold onto
one of those but that wouldn't keep you
out of trouble because our planet itself
would most likely break apart into
chunks and float off into space
since it's only held together by gravity
too so it's just not your day number
five what if all cats just disappeared
you're lazy sleepy feline friend is
actually a really important member of
the global ecosystem without cats earth
would quickly become overrun by rodents
mice and rats would spread disease wipe
out ground nesting birds and probably
destroy green supplies so it might be
true that we feed the cats but without
them we'd have less food ourselves don't
tell your cat this though it'll only
inflate his ego that much more number
six what would happen if the earth lost
oxygen for five seconds hold your breath
since oxygen in the air protects our
skin from UV light we get sunburns right
away also oceans would evaporate because
water is one-third oxygen not to mention
all concrete buildings would collapse
because oxygen is an important binder in
these constructions the sky would also
turn black even during the daytime since
there wouldn't be enough particles to
scatter blue light ooh that was a scary
one number seven what if the internet
stopped working for one day a whole day
without cat means my worst nightmare but
seriously a day without the internet
would really hit the financial sector
credit cards and online banking would
stop working because banks wouldn't be
able to access and verify information
also the stock market would most likely
shut down and you'd have to say goodbye
to online shopping adding to this
problem transportation says traffic
lights that are run by computers rely on
the internet for updates yeah it'd be a
major ordeal by the way can you go a
whole day without using the Internet let
me know down in the comments
you neither huh number 8 what if you
didn't wash your hair for a year well
obviously your hair would get really
greasy and probably smelly too also
since the skin of your scalp won't be
protected by any products your hair will
become home to dust and other pollutants
in the air like soot but that's not the
worst part
no no no the absence of regular washing
will lead to scalp inflammation which
will most likely result in dandruff so
scratching your stinky dirty head would
become your new not so favorite pastime
hmm maybe skipping on the shampoo for
that long isn't the best idea after all
number 9 what would happen if you ate 50
boiled eggs in one sitting
ah you saw Paul Newman do it in Cool
Hand Luke 2 didn't you well if you
manage this stuff so much food in you
then you'll obviously feel really full
since fifty eggs have about 3800
calories it takes a lot of time for your
digestive system to break down eggs and
you definitely wouldn't feel very good
afterwards and get ready for the worst
hydrogen sulfide gas you've ever
experienced or simply speaking farts I
don't know about you but I'd rather not
find out what that would be like number
10 what if the earth stopped spinning
twice as fast
the most obvious consequence would be
our day lasting not 24 hours but only 12
and the day already feels short enough
as it is right but that's not all
hmm the surface of our planet would
become quite unrecognizable
since Indonesia and most of the northern
part of South America would go totally
underwater Africa would also split into
two separate islands this is all because
the planets centrifugal force would
increase leading to the water level at
the equator rising by 328 feet all this
water at the equator would result in a
huge rise in humidity that would cause a
permanent band of fog to appear also
we'd have much more severe hurricanes
that would spin in increased speeds - mm
not something to look forward to now is
it number 11 what if we all jumped at
the same time there are over 7 billion
people on our planet and their combined
weight is roughly 800 billion pounds now
that's pretty hefty so could all that
mass affect the earth in some way if we
all jump simultaneously science says no
all of our liftoffs and impacts would
cancel each other out resulting in zero
net force on the earth all right then I
guess it'd be a waste trying but still I
wonder if it'd be loud number 12 what if
we had no moon without the stabilizing
effect of the moon our planet would
start to spin more quickly even faster
than that scenario I just told you about
this would lead to two things first a
day on earth would last only about eight
hours which would mean there would be
more than let's say a thousand days in a
year second our climate would cheese
drastically resulting in extreme
temperatures and seasons and of course
since there'd be no moon to pull down on
them with its gravity there'd be a big
drop in the difference between high tide
and low tide levels the loss of
gravitational pull from the moon would
also cause the core of our planet to
shift a bit creating different natural
disasters like earthquakes and volcanoes
but alas we have our big bright moon up
there to keep everything in order
so which of these answers impressed you
the most sound off in the comments below
be sure to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click that
subscribe button to always stay on the
bright side of life